For our project we wanted to work with audio and genres. We ended up deciding to use two different models and then compare their outcomes and inputs. Each data set had a list of songs with their corresponding genre classification. 

Our two experiments allowed us to dive deeper into the world of audio and audio data. We discovered that through our experiments there was much more to be done with the spectrograms then the text based data set. No matter how much we played with the variables and architectures of the spotify neural network the accuracy was never able to reach about 55%. We concluded that since our data set was smaller with a wide variety of genres within the data that there isn't enough training data for the model to accurately learn which genre is which. However, for the MTG data set there was a lot that could be done with changing the number of layers, variables, and overall architecture. Finally, we were able to look into the human vs. computer classification of genre by adding our final part of the project. We decided to use the MTG network to classify the cowboy carter album by Beyonce. Even though it is classified as a country album many fans and critics are split on if it actually is or not. According to our findings the MTG data set did classify cowboy carter as a country showing what a computer thinks of genre in relation to humans. However, we do question the validity of these findings since in our crossover between spotify and mtg attempt most of the songs were also classified as country. If further research were to be done our first step would be to find out exactly why this is. 

